# CS-340-T4224-Client-Server-Development

There are several things you can do to make a program maintainable, readable, and adaptable. Proper spacing, commenting, and naming conventions are standard when developing code. It is important to add these characteristics for when you or another analyst look back at the code to review or build the functionality. In our project, we had the opportunity to see the benefit of importing separate files. Keeping documents separated but still accessible can aid in organization while still providing connectivity. The CRUD python file provides standard create, read, update, and delete functionality unspecific to a project. This can be reused countlessly and save time during any project that requires database manipulation. 

As a computer scientist, I can approach a problem through a series of steps. First, I would identify the problem, research and collect data regarding the topic, design a solution, build the solution, and then improve the project based on further evaluation. This same process was applied during this project for Grazioso Salvare. Unlike other projects I have completed throughout my courses, this project required front-end changes to the dashboard. Using HTML attributes and widgets we built a functional and user-friendly interface. This was a great experience because we can connect to a database through a terminal but it isn't practical. For any typical end user, a table or widget of some kind will need to be developed for them to review database information. I am curious about what other widgets I could develop in the future. Since these can be interactive, it would be neat to see what functionality I could provide that will meet and exceed the client's request.  

Computer scientists develop projects to solve real-world problems. They serve to create technology that provides efficiency and aid in any task. This is important because with new technology we have more time to allocate our attention to other items. This is the process of advancing as a community and building our skill set to drive new discoveries. With the format we provided, Grazioso Salvare will better be able to organize and review their information, filter according to rescue type, and designate dogs according to their listed attributes. 
